Updating the 'Working with the Enhancement Tracking Board' part of the enhancements role handbook (#2129)
kubernetes/sig-release: release-team/role-handbooks/enhancements/README.md

- Start planning for the next release while assisting the Release Lead with anything relating to analytics or Public Relation planning of the release. Work with the Communications Lead to develop major themes for the official Kubernetes blog post.

### Working with the Enhancement Tracking Board

> The Enhancements Tracking Board is used by various release sub-teams.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Enhancements Tracking Board is used by the release-enhancements, release-docs and release-comms teams.
```

Author: Can you add an oxford comma in your suggestion?

Reviewer: 👍

|-------------:|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|      Net New | Enhancement is adding net-new work. Usually reserved for enhancements targeting their `Alpha` implementation. |
| Major Change | Enhancement is staying at the current Stage, but major changes in functionality are being implemented.        |
|   Graduating | Enhancement is graduating to `Beta` or `Stable`.                                                              |
|  Deprecation | Enhancement is tracking a deprecations or removals.                                                           |

Notes :

- If the feature is graduating to `Alpha`, the type can either be Net New/Major Change. But usually when features are introduced to Kubernetes, they are not Major Changes.
- If the feature is graduating to `Beta/Stable`, almost always the type is Graduating/Major Change. One exception to that is some features directly jump the hoop to Beta, in that case, the type can be Net New for even a `Beta` feature.

##### Status

> Status tracks how if the enhancement has met all the criteria for inclusion in the current release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The field `Status` tracks if the KEP has met all the criteria for inclusion in the current release.
```

Refer to the [Enhancement Freeze Communications](#enhancement-freeze-templates) for detailed requirements.

|                 Status | Description                                                                                                                                 |
|-----------------------:|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|                Tracked | Enhancement has met all requirements for inclusion into current release.                                                                    |

> |              Untracked | ??? (remove?)                                                                                                                               |

Reviewer: AFAIK we used `Pending Inclusion` this release.

> |              Untracked | ??? (remove?)                                                                                                                               |

Author: Do you remember what `Pending Inclusion` is supposed to be used for?

> |              Untracked | ??? (remove?)                                                                                                                               |

Reviewer: `Removed from Milestone` === `Untracked` ?

> |              Untracked | ??? (remove?)                                                                                                                               |

Reviewer: > Do you remember what Pending Inclusion is supposed to be used for?

@gracenng probably you know this one..

from my observation & understanding: If you are checking a KEP whether its ready or not the label can be applied.. its interim status, eventually the status gets updated to tracked or removed from milestone

> |              Untracked | ??? (remove?)                                                                                                                               |

Author: I don't think we used `Untracked` in the past few releases either (we either set Status to `Deferred` or `Removed from Milestone`

I'm proposing that we remove `Pending Inclusion` and `Untracked` from Status options unless we can clearly define when they should be used.

> |              Untracked | ??? (remove?)                                                                                                                               |

Reviewer: > I'm proposing that we remove Pending Inclusion and Untracked from Status options unless we can clearly define when they should be used.

Sounds ok to me. We can add it back if we should need it.. 👍

> |              Untracked | ??? (remove?)                                                                                                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

|                Tracked | Enhancement has met all requirements for inclusion into current release.                                                                    |
|              Untracked | ??? (remove?)                                                                                                                               |
|      Pending Inclusion | ??? (remove?)                                                                                                                               |
|                At Risk | Enhancement does not currently meet requirements for inclusion into current release.                                                        |
|     Exception Required | Enhancement did not meet requirements by enhancement / code freeze and deadlines for requesting an [exception](#exceptions) has not passed. |
|               Deferred | Enhancement has been bumped to a future release by owning SIG.                                                                              |
| Removed From Milestone | Enhancement did not meet requirements by enhancement / code freeze for current release and an exception was not requested and/or approved.  |

> Notes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tipps:
```
or smth similar maybe to be more precise (none block)
